So now let's talk about VPC Peering.
So the idea is that we can create VPCs
and in different regions, different accounts
and we want to connect them together using the AWS network.
Why we do this?
Well, we wanna make them behave
as if they were in the same network, okay?
So it could be very specific.
Maybe you could have VPC in other regions
in other accounts, or even within your same accounts
and you want to connect them.
So in order for them not to connect, remember, I said,
the VPC network CIDRs must be distant from each other
because when we connect them together,
if they have overlapping CIDRs,
they will not be able to communicate.
So, VPC peerings can happen between two VPCs
and they're not transitive.
That means that each VPC
that wants to communicate with one another
must have VPC peering enabled.
So if you have a look at three VPCs right now, A, B, and C,
then we can create a peering connection between A and B.
And this is allowing you to connect them together.
And we can create another peering connection
between VPC B and C,
and again, they can communicate together.
But even though A and B, and B and C, are connected,
you still need to enable a VPC peering connection
between A and C, to have them communicate.
This is very, very, very, very important.
Finally, even though your VPC are peered with each other,
you must also make sure that you update all the route tables
in each VPC's subnets, to ensure that these two instances
in different VPC, can communicate with each other.
And we'll see this in the hands-on.
So some good things to know about VPC peering.
They can happen within your own accounts,
but they can happen across accounts.
So if you want to connect a VPC from one account A,
to account B, you could, and also across regions.
So this is very, very powerful.
And you remember, in security groups,
we can reference other security groups in it.
While it's possible to also reference a security group
from a peered VPC across accounts in the same region.
And this is very powerful
because we don't need to have the source
as a CIDR on IP, we can also reference a security group.
Extremely powerful.
So back into our networking diagram.
We're here and now we're going to add
a VPC peering connection
to connect our VPC to other VPCs.
So that's it. I will see you in the next lecture.